Where can I find listings of current and withdrawn system laptop type models and specifications?
How can I check the warranty status of my laptop?  I want to confirm whether it is still in warranty, and what warranty upgrades may be in effect - onsite, Thinkpad protection, etc.
How do I contact support?
I travel frequently, and I want to be sure the system I have, or am going to buy can be serviced in the country or countries I travel to.  Where can I look to find this out?
When traveling, how will I know what number to call for service or support?
I've heard about previous problems with batteries, and I've purchased a second hand system.  How can I tell if my laptop has a battery that was affected? 
Where can I find drivers, user manuals, technical tips for Lenovo Consumer models like Y410  Laptops and K100 Desktops sold in retail stores?
Where can I download drivers and software for my laptop?
I need to replace an FRU. Where can I download a service manual for my laptop?
How can I tell what parts my laptop is made up of?
What's the policy on dead pixels?
My laptop is at the depot for repair.  How can I check on its status?
My system has shipped, and when I look at the tracking status, I see "The shipment is being held by brokerage for reasons beyond ups' control".  What's that mean?
My laptop came with Windows Vista and I want to downgrade to XP. How do I do it?
I already downgraded to XP and now I want to go back to Vista. What do I do?
Laptop won't turn on
I am having trouble with with this accessory
I am having power management issues
I have a blue screen
I have a lock up
I have a hang
My Bluetooth device is not recognized
My laptop camera doesn't work
My card reader does not detect my card
CD or DVD cannot burn or play
Ethernet will not connect
Fingerprint reader will not detect finger or swipe
Hard drive failed or is failing
Memory is not recognized
Modem will not connect
Projector image does not display properly on an overhead screen
Sound is not available
USB device is not recognized
User's Guide cannot be found
Video display is flickering or is not available
Virus, worm, or spyware infection
Windows Vista performance is slow
Wireless will not connect
I am having trouble with audio?
I am having trouble with battery?
I am having trouble docking?
I am having trouble with my keyboard?
I am having trouble with my mouse?
I am having trouble with my TrackPoint?
I am having trouble with my UltraNav?
I am having power issues?
I am having trouble with ThinkVantage Client Security Solution?
I am having trouble with ThinkVantage Rescue and Recovery Solution?